Feature/add signing cert option to samlp addon on auth0 client (#426)
alexkappa/terraform-provider-auth0: docs/resources/client.md

* `mappings` - (Optional) Map(String). Mappings between the Auth0 user profile property name (`name`) and the output attributes on the SAML attribute in the assertion (`value`).
* `logout` - (Optional) Map(Resource). Configuration settings for logout. For details, see [Logout](#logout).
* `name_identifier_probes` - (Optional) List(String). Attributes that can be used for Subject/NameID. Auth0 will try each of the attributes of this array in order and use the first value it finds.

> * `name_identifier_probes` - (Optional) String. Optionally indicates the public key certificate used to validate SAML requests. If set, SAML requests will be required to be signed. A sample value would be `-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----\nMIGf...bpP/t3\n+JGNGIRMj1hF1rnb6QIDAQAB\n-----END PUBLIC KEY-----\n`.

Reviewer: This is probably a copy paste issue:) 
```suggestion
* `signing_cert` - (Optional) String. Optionally indicates the public key certificate used to validate SAML requests. If set, SAML requests will be required to be signed. A sample value would be `-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----\nMIGf...bpP/t3\n+JGNGIRMj1hF1rnb6QIDAQAB\n-----END PUBLIC KEY-----\n`.
```
